docs: clarify kine usage (#7276)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/architecture/two-node.md

---

Palette Edge allows you to provision a highly available (HA) cluster capable of withstanding any single node failure

> with only two nodes instead of three. In two-node HA clusters, Palette achieves this by sidestepping a critical
> limitation of etcd by using Postgres as the backend storage with [Kine](https://github.com/k3s-io/kine). Kine is only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with only two nodes instead of three. In two-node HA clusters, Palette overcomes a significant limitation of etcd by utilizing Postgres as the backend storage with [Kine](https://github.com/k3s-io/kine). Kine is only
```
